Ports tutorials to use Sphinx-Gallery (#224)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/gallery.rst

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

.. _New_Users:

Tutorial gallery
================

These step-by-step tutorials provided a gentle introduction to the basics of PennyLane. Once you have
worked your way through the QuickStart tutorials, you will be ready to implement your own
interesting QML problems in PennyLane!

Intermediate tutorials
----------------------

.. customgalleryitem::

>     :tooltip: Use quantum machine learning to rotate a qubit!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :tooltip: Use quantum machine learning to rotate a qubit.
```

    :figure: tutorials/figures/bloch.png
    :description: :ref:`qubit_rotation`

.. customgalleryitem::

>     :tooltip: Use quantum machine learning to control a beamsplitter!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :tooltip: Use quantum machine learning to tune a beamsplitter.
```

    :figure: tutorials/figures/gaussian_transformation.png
    :description: :ref:`gaussian_transformation`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Multiple expectation values, Jacobians, and keyword arguments.
    :description: :ref:`advanced_features`

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Using plugins
-------------

.. customgalleryitem::

>     :tooltip: Use quantum machine learning to create a qubit rotation/beamsplitter optimization loop!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :tooltip: Use quantum machine learning in a multi-device quantum algorithm.
```

    :figure: tutorials/figures/photon_redirection.png
    :description: :ref:`plugins_hybrid`

.. customgalleryitem::

>     :tooltip: Do arbitrary state preparation on a real quantum computer!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :tooltip: Do arbitrary state preparation on a real quantum computer.
```

    :description: :ref:`state_preparation`

.. customgalleryitem::

>     :tooltip: Extend PyTorch with real quantum computing power!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :tooltip: Extend PyTorch with real quantum computing power.
```

    :figure: tutorials/figures/bloch.gif
    :description: :ref:`pytorch_noise`

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Examples
--------

> Let's convert the examples folder to sphinx-gallery style, and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. todo: Let's convert the examples folder to sphinx-gallery style, and then
```

> we can include ising.py here as well!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we can include ising.py here as well.
```
(sorry, I'm on a roll)

Author: The exclamation marks were because I got too excited :laughing:
